AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/allocatedmethoddetails.md

* `Usage Unit`: Unit being measured used to calculate this allocation.
* `Usage Quantity`: The value of the charge applied to a single contract term.

In addition to these, a service provider may include one or more custom properties, also denoted as key-value pairs.

## Requirements

### Column Requirements

The AllocatedMethodDetails column adheres to the following requirements:

> * AllocatedMethodDetails SHOULD be present in a cost and usage [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the service provider supports [Provider-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#ProviderCalculatedSplitCostAllocation).

Author: ```suggestion
* AllocatedMethodDetails SHOULD be present in a cost and usage [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the service provider supports [Service-Provider-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#ServiceProviderCalculatedSplitCostAllocation).
```

Author: Data Generator is the vote

Reviewer: Addressed via separate commit.  @rileyjenk please review and confirm it looks good.

Reviewer: Just to confirm: this ask is still valid after the merge.  You should look through and confirm I did this correctly across all files.

Author: LGTM

Reviewer: Thanks!  Resolving.

      * Allocation property key MUST match the spelling and casing specified for the FOCUS-defined property.
      * Allocation property value MUST be of the type specified for that property.
      * Allocation properties MUST adhere to additional normative requirements specific to that property.

>     * Service-provider-defined allocation properties MAY be included in "Elements".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Data generator-defined allocation properties MAY be included in "Elements".
```

      * Allocation property keys MUST begin with the string "x_" unless it is a FOCUS-defined allocation property.

> * AllocatedMethodDetails root object MAY contain additional service-provider-defined items, in addition to "Elements".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AllocatedMethodDetails root object MAY contain additional data generator-defined items, in addition to "Elements".
```

### Content Requirements

> The following keys are used for allocation properties to facilitate querying data across allocations and across service providers. Focus-defined keys will appear in the list below and Service-provider-defined keys will be prefixed with "x_" to make them easy to identify as well as prevent collisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following keys are used for allocation properties to facilitate querying data across allocations and across data generators. Focus-defined keys will appear in the list below and data generator-defined keys will be prefixed with "x_" to make them easy to identify as well as prevent collisions.
```

The "UsageUnit" property adheres to the following requirements:

* "UsageUnit" MUST be included inside an "Elements" object if "UsageQuantity" allocation property is included in that "Elements" object, otherwise "UsageUnit" MAY be included in each "Elements" object.

> * Values for "UsageUnit" MUST capture the unit or component of service provider's documented [AllocationMethod](#allocationmethodid) that was used to determine the "AllocatedRatio" value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Values for "UsageUnit" MUST capture the unit or component of data generator's documented [AllocationMethod](#allocationmethodid) that was used to determine the "AllocatedRatio" value.
```

* "UsageQuantity" MAY be included inside an "Elements" object when that "Elements" object contains a "UsageUnit" allocation property.
* Values for "UsageQuantity" MUST be compatible with NumericFormat.

> * Values for "UsageQuantity" SHOULD capture the quantity or volume of the "UsageUnit" measured by the service provider that was used to determine the "AllocatedRatio" value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Values for "UsageQuantity" SHOULD capture the quantity or volume of the "UsageUnit" measured by the data generator that was used to determine the "AllocatedRatio" value.
```

  ]
}
```

> ### Scenario 3: Service provider omits keys that are not required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scenario 3: Data generator omits keys that are not required
```

> This service provider does not wish to supply the "UsageUnit" or "UsageQuantity" keys but still provides cost allocation with some additional allocation method details. In this case, "UsageUnit" and "UsageQuantity" are omitted, and only the "AllocatedRatio" is supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data generator does not wish to supply the "UsageUnit" or "UsageQuantity" keys but still provides cost allocation with some additional allocation method details. In this case, "UsageUnit" and "UsageQuantity" are omitted, and only the "AllocatedRatio" is supplied.
```

```
### Scenario 4: Additional non-FOCUS specified properties

> A service provider can add additional properties if they feel more context is helpful or neccessary to the practitioner. In this scenario,the service provider is supplying additional context that shows only 0.5 of a unit was used. However, since 1 unit was requested by the service this allocation represents, the allocation is being charged at 1 regardless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A data generator can add additional properties if they feel more context is helpful or necessary to the practitioner. In this scenario, the data generator is supplying additional context that shows only 0.5 of a unit was used. However, since 1 unit was requested by the service this allocation represents, the allocation is being charged at 1 regardless.
```

## Description

> A set of properties describing how resources are allocated in service-provider-defined split cost allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of properties describing how resources are allocated in data generator-defined split cost allocation.
```
